General notes:

Day 1 is Saturday June 2nd 1979. This is the start of a stretch of 5 days without rain (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/emmanuelfwerr/london-weather-data)

TODO:

make a part where soda lad says "this really was the soda to my mafia" and explodes

randomly have a lets player like markiplier or someone show up in the corner

have a kid audibly screaming like they're being chased while running past u

"Pip pip cheerio" in islington. And "Oh good heavens!"

Use illuminati MLG mystery music somewhere

manny heffly png

medely wind waker reference

a mthyologized founding mafia member from italy. He has tiny statues made of him

arachnophobia mode

rtx mode that makes all light sources brighter by 500%

=== MARKETTING

I make a big deal about an alternate special canadian version of the game called "Pop mob" but then its literally just the same game with zero differences

WHEN MARKETTING, use the phrase "do you dig on soda mafia?" + use "Im chuck norris, and I approve this game" line


=== EVENTUALLY...

newspaper elton john 1979 USSR performance

Guy who has all the correct political opinions and knows how to organize society into a utopia but nobody listens to him/her

Alien base underground in Dulce USA which was a joint venture between CIA and aliens, but then the aliens took it over and killed everyone with top secret knowledge of the base in 1979

stainless and matteo eating a bag of fritos looking into the sunset (include that blegh :p seal)
collectable records (do september by earth wind fire)

Skeptic spawns a magic green time travel orb for fun 40 years in the future. When someone holds the orb, and intends for it to time travel them, they will go either back or forth 40 years.
They can only go between 1979 and 2019. Time continues on in both linearly. The orb won't work sometimes though, people aren't totally sure as to all the reasons it can stop working,
but discovered reasons include being hesitant to time travel, spamming the time travel, and having evil intentions. When time travelling, you are teleported within a few km of where
you stand, and you will almost always be teleported away from the sights of other people. You will be teleported unconconsious, and wake up seconds after being teleported. This orb
has additional functionality. While holding it, you will feel a strong urge to go towards the nearest and most significant temporal disturbance (something that was not fated to happen
in the given timeline). Temporal disturbances are stronger the more unusual they are, and the more people it effects. The orb is in the possesion of a small group of friends
from Germany. They use the orb to try and get rich by winning lotteries and bets in the past but not so much that they get noticed. They also like to just travel and explore the 
world in '79. This group of friends also seek out temporal disturbances to ensure the timeline stays as close to how it was originally as possible so they can continue to predict
what will happen in the future.
One of the people from the future is gay, and to avoid homophobia, he pretends to be straight. But he's super over the top about it like "ohhh I love women so much, I wanna... touch boobs and stuff".
Also have the characters ask soda lad if he's homophobic, and u get a dialogue choice to either say yes or no

"once in a lifetime" music being developed in 1980

Island of "bresil" off the coast of ireland. Dissapears and only reappears every 7 years due to a curse. Ruled by a good king keeping everyone in eternal happiness. There is also a magician there

include the young top gear crew

character who exclusively speaks with "ꙮ" (multiocular O) replacing all their spoken Os. Ex: America lꙮves ꙮil frꙮm the middle east

Nye- you should make a pickle man inspired quest where a dude is preserved in soda for 50 years and is woken up and all he wants to do is grab a bunch of used and old soda cans and make soda
and people like it because it has all the gunk from being in the garbage for so long and he calls it organic

a weird miss (something weird) contest (https://youtu.be/17aqwFBrujA?si=zlofiO3iMYpENR36)

british person saying "proper gander" sounds like propaganda joke

use english futhark  (ᚦᛁᛊ ᛁᛊ ᛊᛟ ᚲᛟᛟᛚ) or the more modern futhorc

have an image of soda lad emerging into whatever room he's going into upon loading a new scene

croggs dating sim

FNAF security breach inspired arcade cabinets around the world that tell a hidden dark story
