[K]??The King             +good at garering popularity        -selfish
cesar
Brother
[Q]??The Queen            +good at manipulating people        -traitor
regina
CC head lawyer
[J]??The con man          +good charisma and ideas            -decietful
sycophanta
shady crook the mafia dosen't like
[10]??The mayor            +good at bringing ppl together      -unskilled (useless alone)
caupona
Chief of police
[9]?The scientist        +skilled with technology            -asocial
physicus
mafia head chemist
[8]??The explorer         +knows a lot of stuff/ppl           -unloyal
indagator
Uncle Tony
[7]?The zealot           +fiercely loyal                     -fiercely loyal
seraphicus
Nazi
[6]?The romantic         +good at befriending individual ppl -lazy
amantis
Local soda rival
[5]??The npc              +predictable and reliable           -unambitious
caterva
Customer base
[4]??The melancholic      +loyal to close friends             -unmotivated
adflictus
Optional rando
[3]?The pawn             +avoids conflict                    -unreliable
pignus
Mobsters
[2]??The drunkard         +easy to manipulate                 -easy to manipulate   
ebriosus
Drinking mate
[A]??The companion        +loyal to close friends             -unskilled (useless alone)
socius
Your biggest fan


[7]?Gaba Goon: Loves his family. Loves the mafia. Everyone else is scum


[Margaret thatcher]
Kipling park (Pub soda lad gets drunk at) 
[SECRET: angel for each day of the week. Which unlocks an item. The Urim and Thummim]
Islington, London, England 
	Police are after you for killing nazis and the cop. They want to leave you for dead.
	But your Uncle Tony finds out and does something. The mafia smuggles you to here as its 
	the easiest place for them to bring you
[SECRET: a mafia guy sells u drugs. Buy a lot of them, and you hallucinate, and see the hat man.
If you have the Urim and Thummim, God will tell you how to catch the hatman. Once you do, you'll get
another item. Hatman hat. Which you can equip and put on]
Royal York (june 7th 1979)
	A drinking buddy you meet at the bar says he's taking a long car ride to York
	in the morning. Wishing to escape the competition in London(conker koola), you go with him.
	You start selling outside the Royal York Hotel. Here you meet people from the
	English mafia. They offer to help for a price. From here on out you can use the
	mafia to get an advantage. As time goes on succeeding without the mafia becomes harder
The Old Mill (june)
	You get news of an old mill being sold for basically nothing. You work up enough
	money to buy it and turn it into your new shop.
Jane (july)
	You encounter a small soda shop owner, Jane. She becomes your main rival here. 
	She starts doing stuff to directly compete and steal business. She also has
	family connections to the police which she abuses
Runny Mead (july)
	A new drink quickly becomes fassionable called runny mead. To sell it you need
	to get an alchohol license. The time it takes to get one puts you significantly
	behind Jane.
High up in the Park (july)
	The nazis haven't forgotten about you. They've tracked you down to York and have 
	come in a blimp to bomb you and the rest of York. The police are hauled up by
	beuarocracy and can't do anything. You are forced to use mafia services to help
	unless you come up with a creative way to take them down. Either way you
	take down the nazis and become a local hero
Keele (august)
	Somebody in Keele has heard about you in the news and is pretending to be a
	branch of your business in a small Newcastle village, Keele. You go there
	to confront him. Turns out he's your biggest fan, and will gladly help you
	actually open up a second store. He becomes your first employee
Mr. Dundas (august)
	Mr. Dundas (nickname mr dumb ass) comes to you offering shady saul goodman
	esque legal services. He claims to be backed by the mafia but the mafia
	knows of hates this guy. The police in NY have found you from the stories
	of you defending York from nazis. Jane has also got the local police on you for it.
	Mr. Dundas's services will be needed. But using him makes the mafia actively mad at you
The Lansdowne club (august)
	Someone from the Lansdowne club in London comes to you and suggests you open 
	a store in london. They can help the store succeed despite still heavy competition
	from Conker Koola. During this time you have to hire hands for your York, Keele and
	Lansdowne locations so that you can go between them.
Dufferin (september)
	Someone from Canada offers to open a store for you in Dufferin Ontario. Getting
	paper work to open a place abroad while having the cops coming down on you is hard
	but you manage
Ossington (october)
	Uncle Tony wants to talk to you in the UK village of Ossington, where the mafia
	is HQ'd. He offers his support, but only in return for doing favors for the mafia.
	If you refuse his help, the mafia will now actively hinder your operations. You also
	learn about mafia operatives in the US government in Iran because of the drug trade
Christie (october)
	An innocent teenage girl, Christie, comes to one your shops. Depending on who you're alligned 
	with, she might get shot by the mafia. If you arent tight w the mafia, they will make u look
	bad in the press. You now have to deal with the bad press.
Bathurst street (nov 1979)
	Bathurst is a comically small street in London. It's a common hangout spot for Mafia.
	Uncle Tony calls u there to either apologize for christie or intimidate u after bad press.
	He gives u a chance to make ur image good again as well as clear ur name w the US govt.
	The Iranian hostage crisis is happening. Uncle Tony says you should go open a location in
	Iran, provide soda to the revolutionaries, get them used to drinking it, then poison it.
	Then escape with the hostages and the mafia. Some of the hostages are mafia members, and they
	thank you dearly for your help. Your company is destroyed in Iran, but the US govt finds out
	and forgives your crimes. You're now able to open locations in the US. Your fame goes way up.
Spud diner
	You prepare large-scale PR releases with PR managers. You take some journalists
	and people of the sort to a fancy restuarant, the spud diner which should statistically make them
	like you more. As your PR image goes up, your demand goes up.
St. George
	Town in south west Utah. The mafia themselves are opening up a location of yours without your
	permission in a breaking bad knock-off parody. They are using it as a los pollos hermanos-esque
	place to help traffic drugs. You have to very carefully navigate the situation. Outcomes:
	1) Support it. You get more income. Police are a bigger problem. Mafia is less of a problem
	2) Stop it, mafia mad. Mafia becomes bigger problem
	3) Stop it, mafia ok w it. Uncle Tony respects u more
Upper Bay
	You controversially try to open a location in NYC, Conker Koola's stronghold. You send a ship
	with a bunch of supplies while ur on it. Conker Koola hears of it, and they decide to set
	the ship on fire with a spy to destroy competition. The fire starts in the upper bay. Outcomes:
	1) Find spy. The fire never happens. You get an NYC location, although its very expensive 
	2) Ship burns. You lose everything and you end up in a life boat. You choose between saving
	Material goods or your employees
Blur young
	Blur Young is a discotech with lots of drugs, prostitutes and mafia activity. You go there
	to meet with "the big boss" of the mafia, who runs mafia operations worldwide. It's a very
	tense meeting. He wants you to pay him lots of protection money, and for you to help with
	the mafia more. You can try to resist, which risks making him angry which will result in
	more intense sanctions. If you succeed, you distance urself from the mafia. You can also
	ask for the mafia's help to attack Jane or Conker Koola if you can. After the meeting
	you can network with other club goers. Surprisingly, Jane is there to check it out. She
	its very embarrased to have been found there, and says she hates people who break the law like this.
Sherborne
	Small English town you have a location in. An internal mafia shootout happens here and it's bloody. 
	You are forced to pick a side of this war.
Castle of Franks
	The president of Pepis died suddenly(conker koola involved). He owns a medieval castle in France that used to be
	used to attack the english. He hid his greatest treasure, the super valuable crown of
	William the Conquerer worth hundreds of millions. The govt initially stopped ppl from
	entering the castle to search for it, but after a few days it just kinda became pointless.
	Ur brother sent people there to look for it. You take this personally and make it ur
	personal mission to find the crown yourself. You need contacts, soda selling, and the mafia
	to find the crown
Broadview
	Broadview is TV company. You're approached by someone giving u a discount to get ads on TV
	for your business. This is a soda business heavy chapter
Chester
	Chester Chemistry is a chemist that offers to work for you. He creates new recipes.
	Some recipes might be unethical. You also have to share him with the mafia, who
	make him make drugs like walter white. Lotsa breaking bad references
Pape Rock
	Pape Rock is a rock in antarctica. How do you get here? Well, a shipment from the UK
	to new york is on it's way, and a nazi ship suddenly hijacks the ship. You and the crew are tied
	up and brought to the nazi base as hostages. They take you all the way to antarctica to 
	Pape rock, the entrance to their massive underground antarctican society.
	There's a mecha hitler, and the die glocke bell is there too. It's just pure schizo.
	You use your soda making skills to escape. If you do well you can get extra money on the way out
	and or extra personelle
Dawn lans
	Dawn Lans is the Conker Koola head lawyer. She relentlessly attacks your US locations.
	Mr Dundas struggles against her. You do some shenanigans to overcome her allegations
Green woods
	Jane finally realizes that she can't touch you anymore. You're way too big now.
	She asks you to have dinner, you agree, she talks about how she wants to work
	for YOU now suddenly. Your convo moves onto the mafia and stuff. You decide to
	go somewhere more private to discuss this. You walk thru the nearby green woods
	to discuss this. If you choose to u can learn about her past and connections to the police.
	In the end you can choose to hire her or not.
Coxwell
	You are invited to a gala at your brother's mansion in NYC, known as the coxwell house.
	Coxwell was a super rich guy who used to own it until he died in ww2. It's here where
	you meet the Conker Koola crew, and your brother's inner circle. Your brother refuses
	to apologize, but tries to convince you to give up your company to him, as your
	competition is starting to give him problems. Jane is here as well as many mafia
	members. You meet your bro's 3 girls named rock, paper, scissors. Scissors has
	a crush on Jane. You can also see a secret which reveals nazis are here. You
	can use this to network but otherwise it just fuels public scandle when it comes to
	ur 2 companies.
Woodbine
	You are at woodbine racetrack in Toronto. It's your first major sports sponsoring
	event. You deal with issues with the sponsorship, and do a lot of business stuff.
	But then towards the end, the nazis start to get involved. Uncle Tony and the mafia
	go in to attack. The nazis kill Uncle Tony. It's a massive moment. Jane also uses
	this moment to let loose and embrace who she truly is. She goes on a rampage and
	embraces the gangster life style.
Main Street
	During Uncle Tony's funeral on Main Street, the Conker Koola lawyers catch you at a mafia
	funeral. It's a massive issue in the press and with the law. You are in kahoots with
	the mafia. This is the biggest hit your business has taken thus far. You must manage
	losses. Whole countries are having political issues cause of you.
Victoria Park
	The mafia is in full support of you, as well as everyone else you've connected with	
	to help you at this point. You show up to a Conker Koola VIP stand at the US golf open which
	is happening at a fictional Victoria Park in NJ. You attempt to talk to them to figure
	things out, but as things get more tense, u eventually find out that Conker Koola
	has been in kahoots with the nazis from the very beginning. And this moment is caught on live TV
Warden
	You and your brother are both arrested for your associations with the mafia and nazis.
	You both get thrown into jail together. You talk, and he's mad at you. You have to use
	soda making shenanigans to break out. You eventually learn that you'll need your bro's
	charisma to get out of this situation. He helps you, and together you're able to both escape.
	Once you escape, you both learn that both your companies have tanked massively while yall
	were in jail. The mafia takes you in to hide. You go outside on a walk to clear your head.
	While you do, an old man approaches. It turns out it's Uncle Tony! He faked his death.
	He used it to start a new life. You consider everything. You have a few things to try
	1) Start a new life w Tony
	2) Live a new humble life with your brother
	3) Kill your brother, continue the soda business, and win
	4) Convince Tony to come back, kill your brother, cont business, win
	5) End the nazis and the mafia with Tony and your brother
	6) [SECRET TRUE ENDING] End the nazis[occult] and the mafia[Angel Abatur]. End your company, 
	and your bros[secret aliance].
	You and your brother get together[be nice]. Uncle Tony lives a peacful solitary life[paradise]
	Stop the corrupt cops[super hero]. The Kennedy chapter never happens. 
	Everyone lives happily ever after...
Kennedy
	No matter what ending you choose, you start at JFK airport. Your final ending
	out of the 5 choices are different based off of your choices up to this point.
	The game ends.

-UNCLE TONY: Regrets commiting his life to crime, wants to leave. He dies at some point in the game.
But plot twist. He faked his death to live a peacful life elsewhere. You find him later on in the game.
You need him to help you against conker koola. Uncle Tony says no. You leave. You return to him again to beg
with the situation getting worse. He finally agrees, and has one last final hurrah as uncle Tony.
He goes back to his peaceful life. The mob now respects him enough to leave him alone

-GABA GOON: Dies because he's a bad guy. Parralel of uncle tony. Gaba goon does not regret his life.
He embraces doing bad things. Does not care about the lives of his family members he ruined
	-when he dies it leaves a massive power vaccuum

-JANE: Works closely with police but secretly wants to be a criminal and lets loose. One day
with the mob she loses it and lets loose shooting ppl and stealing and doing crime

-DENARO DANNY: He's like Uncle Tony when he was younger. Big hot shot. Real manly man. Very into the
mafia life style. He makes lots of money, gets all the girls, and he's tall and ripped and tough.